Software.
The controller I need to attend to post mapping have to be for the same structure.
So in this case I forgot I we lost public I forgot response method called forgot I would needs and.
What about requests?
That request and that we need we need the servant container here.
They have to annotate these weeds, request body.
HTP said.
What requests?
Here.
And I need to define above records for God's request.
In this case, it would be just email.
So I forgot.
I forgot to request.
Just need to say to this email I forgot my password and I will have also forgot response, which in
this case will be just message.
So strange message.
And that's it.
And to implement the method, what I will create is not service.
I will create the method reset password.
And so create the method forgot.
And I was sent the email.
So for God's request to email.
And.
My origin URL.
Okay.
Now will explain this so far.
What is your URL?
And I will get this from the server request.
I will get their origin.
So this will be used.
In India when we implemented the reset password.
The goal is that you receive an email when when the password is reset, which will see in the coming
weeks.
So what we are doing here already is to take this origin request so that in the email when it says click
and click on this link to reset the password, you have your origin from it.
So if you are using the English frontend or if you are using
other frontend, react something else.
Or if you have hosted in your local machine or if you have posted online in somewhere in some other
DNS, you'll always get your origin email to do the reset instead of doing it at Goddard.
So we are starting this already here.
A.
Okay.
So I can create method of authentication in the authentication service.
And here it will be.
Void.
Yes.
String email.
So.
I will generate a token
to, to identify these uh to 25 these on, on database.
How it is.
You already run them to string.
And I will replace and replace to this which.
That's so with empty chair.
Okay.
And list you empty string because there's no such thing as an empty chair.
So I will use this and then I will get my user.
Find by email.
Email.
Then.
Or else through, uh, not fonts.
So let me see the errors that they have already.
Some of them much used are not found that are.
So I already have a user not folder.
I'm finding the user so I'll return here.
User not found error.
Yeah.
Okay.
So if I'm not funny finding the user, I will return my exception.
And I will take then this user and I add password recovery.
Okay.
Now create a new password recovery with the token that I just create.
This is a password recovery attempt.
So what I'm saying is I'm going to create, uh, a unique universal identifier.
I will not use to add a dash here because we will put it later on the URL.
That's why I'm replacing this.
But I'm saving this token on the database as my password recovery attempt.
And then I just have to add the logic of sending emails later.
So for the moment, the only thing I do is use a repo save user.
And that's, that's, it's my method is complete.
So in the controller, I have the forgot email here.
So if this is done, I will just return.
And you forgot response.
My message will be.
Success.
So I can just launch my application.
I will open my database to visualize the information that I have.
I can refresh.
So I have no password recovery table here.
I only log in with my user.
Okay.
And now I will say that I forgot my password.
So I'll change this call.
I need a title to come.
I have success.
So if I go to my, uh, database now, if I refresh and for user one, I have a recovery attempt that
is recorded in registered here.